Add /audit security audit AgentSkill for OpenHands-Tab (#835)
enyst/OpenHands-Tab: .openhands/skills/audit/SKILL.md

---
name: audit
description: >
  AgentSkill: run a repo-specific security audit of the OpenHands-Tab VS Code extension with a focus on
  secret handling, webview/host boundaries, persistence, and logging redaction. Trigger with /audit.
license: MIT
triggers:
  - /audit
  - audit security

>   - security audit

Author: ```suggestion
```

---

# OpenHands-Tab Security Audit (AgentSkill)

> This is **not the audit report**. This is a **repeatable checklist** for an agent to run against *this repository*.

Author: ```suggestion
This is a **repeatable checklist** for an agent to run against *this repository*.
```

## Output format (required)

Return a report with:

1. **Scope** (what you inspected)
2. **High-risk findings** (must fix)
3. **Medium/low-risk findings** (should fix)
4. **Good practices already present** (keep)
5. **Suggested follow-ups** (tests, hardening, docs)

**Never include real secret values** in the report (including partial tokens).

---

## 1) Threat model (repo-specific)

Primary risks for this VS Code extension:

- **Persistence leaks**: secrets written to disk (VS Code settings JSON, profile files, workspace/global state, logs, conversation stores)
- **Logging leaks**: secrets exposed via OutputChannel, debug channels, error strings/stack traces, dev bridge logs, webview console
- **Webview boundary leaks**: secrets crossing extension-host ↔ webview boundary; secrets persisted in webview state (`acquireVsCodeApi().setState`) or leaked via console
- **Network leaks**: secrets in URLs/query params, secrets sent to wrong host, secrets attached to redirected requests, non-HTTPS when not explicitly intended

---

## 2) Inventory (authoritative sources, avoid stale lists)

### A. Provider API key names and SecretStorage keys

> **Do not trust hardcoded lists in docs**. Derive the set of provider key names from code.

Author: ```suggestion
**Do not trust hardcoded lists in docs**. Investigate and find the set of provider key names in the codebase.
```
